# S7r4n93r Cipher
S7r4n93r Cipher is inspired by Leet Translator/ Leet Speak
        Leet Speak (1337 5p34k), which means elite speak or eleet speak, is an alternative alphabet that replaces usual letters with different ASCII characters. This alphabet is used to translate a text so it can be tough to read for someone that isn't used to leet speak. Earlier it was used that way to avoid people like lamers, crackers, script kiddies, ... to read texts that were destined to the "eleet". This "language" (which isn't one) finds its origins into the Bulletin Board Systems (or BBS), in the '80s. Some people say that it was first used to pass through text filters in these BBS, that doesn't allow people to talk about subjects as hacking, cracking, pornography, etc. A simple substitution would then break the filter rules, and enable people to discuss about any matter freely. The hacker group "Cult of the Dead Cow" (or CDC) would have been the first to use the leet speak in their text files.
        
        Then people made the alphabet grow so that each letter have a lot of different translations, which makes the advanced leet speak (try the 3rd level here) very difficult to understand as in some alphabet there's no letters or number. This very sophisticated alphabet could allow someone to make a necessary "encryption" of texts for people that don't know leet speak. The translation from leet to standard version can be complicated because as I said, there's a lot of different alphabets and no official one. That's why you won't find any tool to decode leet speak on this page, only a translator.
        
        Since those days, the nerd culture being modish, leetspeak is being more and more used by people who weren't concerned in the first place. A lot of leet terms are now widespread for those interested in nerd culture. For instance, the simple name 1337 is very common, even in some ads, as is the term "h4x0r", and other words. Many people now use leet speak to choose their online pseudonym in games, forums, etc. However, there's not a lot of them who its origin and its original purpose. Some people consider ASCII art and textual emoticons as being part of the leet speak, while other people say that leet speak was only created for text. As for now, if leet speak was initially used to isolate "elits" from other people, it is now being used by many people as part of the basic nerd culture.
